The 802.11-2007 standard defines which two port access entities (PAEs)?
a:Supplicant|b:Supplication Server|c:Encryptor|d:KDC|e:Authenticator|f:Authentication Server|x:I don't know
a
802.11-2007, Section 5.2.3.2:'An RSNA relies on several components external to the IEEE 802.11 architecture.The first component is an IEEE 802.1X port access entity (PAE). PAEs are present on all STAs in an RSNAand control the forwarding of data to and from the medium access control (MAC). An AP alwaysimplements the Authenticator PAE and Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP) Authenticator roles, and anon-AP STA always implements the Supplicant PAE and EAP peer roles. In an IBSS, each STA implementsboth the Authenticator PAE and Supplicant PAE roles and both EAP Authenticator and EAP peer roles.A second component is the Authentication Server (AS). The AS may authenticate the elements of the RSNAitself, i.e., the non-AP STAs; and APs may provide material that the RSNA elements can use to authenticateeach other. The AS communicates through the IEEE 802.1X Authenticator with the IEEE 802.1XSupplicant on each STA, enabling the STA to be authenticated to the AS and vice versa.'802.1X-2004, Section 6.6 Port Access Entity (PAE), states:A Port Access Entity (PAE) operates the algorithms and protocols associated with the Port Access Control Protocol defined in Clause 8. A PAE exists for each Port of a System that supports Port Access Control functionality in the Supplicant role, the Authenticator role, or both.In the Supplicant role, a PAE is responsible for providing information to an Authenticator that will establish its credentials. A PAE that performs the Supplicant role in an authentication exchange is known as a Supplicant PAE.In the Authenticator role, a PAE is responsible for communication with a Supplicant, and for submitting theinformation received from the Supplicant to a suitable Authentication Server in order for the credentials tobe checked and for the consequent authorization state to be determined. A PAE that performs the Authenticator role in an authentication exchange is known as an Authenticator PAE.Both PAE roles control the authorized/unauthorized state of the controlled Port (see 6.4) depending on theoutcome of the authentication process. If a given controlled Port has both Authenticator PAE and Supplicant PAE functionality associated with it, both PAEs must be in the Authorized state in order for the controlled Port to become Authorized.