Given: An 802.11n client station transmits an aggregated data frame (A-MPDU) with a 3000-byte MPDU to the AP. The destination of the data frame is a file server located on the Ethernet network. The AP does not support jumbo (giant) frames on its Ethernet port. What will the AP do with this aggregated frame?
a:The access point replies to the client station with a notification that its frame size is not supported by the Ethernet network segment.|b:The access point translates the frame to 802.3, places an 802.1Q tag in the header, and forwards the 3000-byte frame to the file server.|c:The access point de-aggregates the frame's payload (MPDU) and puts each MPDU into a separate Ethernet frame for transmission onto the Ethernet segment.|d:The access point silently discards the frame.|e:The access point encapsulates the aggregated 802.11 frame with a new IP and Ethernet header and sends it to the WLAN controller for de-aggregation.|x:I don't know
c
802.11n introduced the concept of frame aggregation on 802.11 WLANs. Aggregation can be either A-MSDU or A-MPDU. In either case, when the AP receives an aggregated frame, it will de-aggregate it prior to forwarding it onto the wired (often Ethernet) medium. Frame aggregation is a feature that improves wireless performance by reducing overhead. Due to limitations in the maximum size of Ethernet frames, aggregated frames must be de-aggregated prior to frame translation by the AP. This also means that in a controller-based WLAN, the AP must be in charge of aggregation and de-aggregation.If a non-aggregated 802.11 data frame carries more data than can be placed into an Ethernet frame (1522 bytes, including layer 2), the frame is dropped at the AP. 802.3 does not support frame fragmentation, but Ethernet equipment may support jumbo (giant) frames. Jumbo frames are Ethernet frames that are carrying payloads larger than the typical 1500-byte (layer 3-7) maximum. Both the AP and the Ethernet switch must support jumbo frames in order for the AP to bridge 802.11 frame payloads larger than 1500 bytes. However, due to IP fragmentation, it is very rare for an 802.11 station to send a non-aggregated frame that is larger than Ethernet’s maximum size.