As a networking consultant for small and medium businesses, you are often asked about the differences between more expensive enterprise-class APs and Wi-Fi routers for small offices and home offices (SOHO). What statements accurately describe the differences between these two categories of WLAN products?
a:Enterprise WLAN APs support centralized management, providing a single point of administration for all APs in the network. SOHO Wi-Fi routers do not.|b:Enterprise WLAN APs support advanced features like customized QoS settings, airtime fairness, multicast optimization, and spectrum analysis. SOHO Wi-Fi routers do not.|c:Enterprise WLAN APs incorporate detailed statistics reporting, security policy monitoring, and client troubleshooting functionality. SOHO Wi-Fi routers do not.|d:Enterprise WLAN APs support WPA and WPA2 authentication, DHCP, firewalls, and Wi-Fi Direct. SOHO Wi-Fi routers do not.|e:Enterprise WLAN APs incorporate system-wide control functions like RRM, roaming, and encryption key management. SOHO Wi-Fi routers do not.|x:I don't know
a
This question is very common in conversations about WLANs today. Many retail stores sell relatively inexpensive SOHO Wi-Fi routers that lack advanced SMB and enterprise network features. These devices are designed and sold primarily to consumers for homes and small offices. Of course, many network owners would like to spend as little as possible on their network equipment. For that reason, engineers and consultants are often asked about the differences between the two types of devices, and if the SOHO class of products are sufficient for the customer’s deployment.Perhaps more importantly than the presence or lack of advanced features is the reliability of different products. SOHO products are notorious for basic connectivity problems, such as requiring periodic (sometimes daily) reboots. They are also more prone to permanent component failure, but with feature-poor devices, they system cannot automatically respond to device failures by sending alerts or possibly even minimizing the coverage gap created by the defunct AP. This is unacceptable for most business networks. Similarly, SOHO products simply use cheaper components which do not provide the same performance as enterprise networks, even if the specs (such as max throughput) look similar.In addition to those limitations, SOHO products lack many of the features required by enterprises, such as user/group access policies, QoS, airtime fairness, spectrum analysis, shared control plane functionality across the network (enabling features such as RRM, roaming, encryption key management), and more. One of the most significant shortcomings of SOHO products is that they are designed for deployments of a single AP. Management of these devices is one-at-a-time, with no scalability for the enterprise. They also have very poor, or nonexistent, monitoring, reporting, and troubleshooting features.