XYZ Corporation has hired you to audit their WLAN network security measures.  XYZ Corp currently has the following security measures in place:1. All access points have non-default management interface passwords2. Access points have been configured not to broadcast their SSID in Beacons or to respond to Probe Request frames with null SSID values3. 128-bit WEP is in use by all access point and wireless client devices4. MAC filters are implemented on all access points to allow only authorized users5. Wireless Intrusion Prevention System (WIPS) with rogue detection and preventionYour task is to compromise XYZ Corp's wireless network by gaining access to sensitive data.  How do you start your initial attack against the WLAN, given the above security measures?
a:Locate the WLAN using Netstumbler.  Compromise data security by using a narrowband RF jamming device against an access point.  Use a WLAN client device to gain access to the wired network through the jammed access point.|b:Locate the WLAN and obtain the SSID using Kismet.   Put the SSID into a protocol analyzer, and then decode frames looking for HTTP logins to a captive portal or an access point.  Use the HTTP login to gain access to the wired network.|c:Locate the WLAN and obtain the WEP key using a spectrum analyzer.  Put the WEP key into a WLAN client device and access the wired network.  Since the correct WEP key is being used, the WIPS will not detect your client as a rogue device.|d:Locate the WLAN using a WLAN protocol analyzer.  Gain access to sensitive data by attacking WEP security using a WEP cracking utility and putting the WEP key into the protocol analyzer.|x:I don't know
d
Even though the SSID is not being announced in Beacons or Probe Response frames, protocol analyzers can still get the SSID because other frames include the SSID field. Protocol analyzers see all WLAN frames, provided they are within range of a WLAN transmitter. Cracking WEP has become a simple process using tools such as Aircrack. Once WEP is cracked, you can place the WEP key into the protocol analyzer to capture data in plain text. Since data security has been compromised through passive eavesdropping, the MAC filters and the non-default passwords on the APs are ineffective. WIPS cannot detect passive eavesdropping devices because they do not transmit 802.11 frames. WEP cracking tools do not require 802.11frame transmission.