What is the most accurate method of WIPS indoor location tracking?
a:GPS|b:Triangulation|c:RF Fingerprinting|d:Nearest Sensor detection|e:TDOA|x:I don't know
c
RF fingerprinting is a sophisticated category of location tracking used in 802.11-based WLANs that uses intelligent algorithms to improve location-tracking precision by accounting for the environmental effects (such as an object, human, mirrors, windows, attenuation and multi-path) on the wireless signal. A 'fingerprint' of the wireless environment is calculated by a physical walk-around using a handheld spectrum analysis device. These measurements are later compared to deviations in the real-time environment to locate the client device.Nearest sensor is the simplest method, though by itself, it is the least precise. This capability, supported by most wireless network vendors in their management systems, determines the 802.11 access point (AP) or cellular base station to which a client device is associated. It assumes that this sensor is the closest sensor to the device. It then computes how far the signal radiates.The nearest-sensor measurement can be combined with others to pinpoint location more precisely. 'Triangulation' measures the angles between three or more nearby sensors (or other reference points). Where they intersect is calculated as the client location. Precision within 50 metres is generally accepted for triangulation, according to Diana Kelley, senior analyst at Burton Group. Trilateration measures the distance between sensors or other reference points, rather than the angles between them.GPS systems combine triangulation with a measurement called time difference of arrival (TDOA) over a network of satellites. TDOA measures the relative time delay of signals arriving at different sensors and can be used with triangulation in 802.11 networks, too. Because time is proportional to the distance traveled, the distance to each sensor within range can be estimated and, consequently, the location of the client. In addition to TDOA measurements, received signal strength indication (RSSI) can be used to measure the RF power loss between transmitter and receiver to calculate distance. GPS requires line-of-sight, so is not appropriate for indoor use.For more information, see the article 'All About Wi-Fi location tracking' by Joanie Wexler.