Given:  As the wireless LAN administrator, it is part of your responsibility to detect and eliminate rogue access points.  You have educated end users about the dangers of rogue devices and have implemented a security policy sufficient to deter employees from placing rogues on the network.You have located a rogue access point for which no employee will take responsibility for installing.  You must assume that someone intentionally placed the rogue access point to attack your network.  You determine that the rogue was not present on the network the previous day.  By viewing the HTML management interface, you determine that the rogue has only been powered up for 15 minutes.  What is your next task to deal with this situation?
a:Document the incident and report it to the highest level of management as a breach of security.  Contact the police.|b:Disconnect the rogue access point's wired network connection, and save and analyze its log files.|c:Reconfigure all authorized access points to your organization's default security settings.  Leave the rogue in place as a trap for the intruder.|d:Document the incident.  Power down the access point, and take it to the police for fingerprinting tests.|e:Temporarily shut down the entire wireless segment of the network pending an internal criminal investigation|x:I don't know
b
Disconnecting the rogue access point's wired network connection, and saving and analyzing its log files should be done because you need to remove the rogue immediately from the network, but not disrupt normal company operations before you have all the facts from the log files. This is a measured response that should be defined in the company's security policy. It might not always be possible to recover log files from a rogue access point because it may not have the default password set. Resetting the unit to manufacturer's default settings would also clear the log files. In cases like this, the only recourse is to have a WIPS in place that has monitored activity between the rogue and any client devices.Upper management should only be contacted if there is sufficient evidence to prosecute this breach of policy internally (which this is not). Police will not be interested about an internal matter unless you can prove the rogue was placed by someone who broke a local law (like trespassing).Documenting the incident is a good idea. Reconfiguring all authorized access points to your organization's default security settings and leaving the rogue in place as a trap for the intruder is incorrect because you should check your APs for tampering, but you should also immediately remove the rogue.Temporarily shutting down the entire wireless segment of the network pending an internal criminal investigation is incorrect because it could shut-down your company's network for what might be a minimal intrusion. Such a response should already be set down in policy with regard to Business Impact Analysis and Business Continuity.