While troubleshooting a wireless point-to-point connection experiencing intermittent drops, you determine that the system operating margin added to the original communication requirement (receive sensitivity) was not sufficient to maintain a reliable connection. Reviewing the original design specifications, you see that the receiver requires -83 dBm to achieve the target data rate, the desired fade margin was 10 dB, and the link budget ultimately required that the equipment provide -73 dBm at the receiver. The wireless equipment was deployed according to industry best practices to meet the design requirements. With the current equipment, what action could be taken in an attempt to remedy the problem?
a:Increase the fade margin and modify radio output power to meet that requirement|b:Lower the receiver's sensitivity threshold (change from -83 dBm to -90 dBm)|c:Increase the receiver's sensitivity threshold (change from -83 dBm to -75 dBm)|d:Realign the antennas|e:Increase the beamwidth of the antennas|x:I don't know
a
Receiver sensitivity is the point at which a receiver can distinguish a signal from noise at a certain data rate, and is not adjustable without changing the hardware. The link budget refers to the calculation of all factors in an RF link, including transmitter power and all gains and losses in a system, which ultimately yields a receive power. This is performed to determine the amount of signal strength that is required between the transmitter and receiver to sustain the desired performance for a link. Fade margin is included as part of the link budget, and is an extra pad of signal strength to account for fluctuations in an RF environment. Fade margins between 10 and 20 dB are common for both indoor and outdoor installations. When higher fade margins are possible, the link stability is likely to be better.In this scenario, the link budget is on the borderline of the receiver's sensitivity threshold when only using a fade margin of 10 dB, which was not sufficient. The solution is to increase the RF signal by either adding gain or reducing loss to the system. Since we are restricted to the existing hardware, the easiest solution is to increase output power (check local regulations first). As with receive sensitivity of WLAN radios, antenna beamwidth is also fixed. Similarly, if the antennas were chosen and deployed properly in the design stage (as we are told in the question), realignment should not be necessary.