Your WLAN uses WPA2-Personal for security.  An employee has recently left the company and knows the passphrase.  How could the ex-employee intrude upon your WLAN with this information? (Choose 4)
a:He can enter the passphrase into a protocol analyzer, capture a 4-way handshake, and then decode encrypted traffic.|b:He can use the passphrase to bypass Management Frame Protection (MFP) and perform a deauthentication attack.|c:He can use the passphrase with a frame capture utility to perform offline PLCP and MAC header decryption.|d:He can enter the SSID and passphrase into a rogue software access point and hijack client stations.|e:He can enter the passphrase into Windows WZC and authenticate to the network using 802.1X/EAP.|f:He can enter the passphrase into his wireless client utility, authenticate to the network, and attempt to exploit other client stations.|x:I don't know
a
By entering a passphrase into a protocol analyzer, the protocol analyzer can decrypt another user's session once it sees that user's 4-way handshake. Capturing of the Anonce and Snonce that are part of the 4-Way EAPoL key handshake is required in this scenario, but is very simple to accomplish. Using this same information, attackers could bypass Management Frame Protection (MFP) and perform deauthentication attacks. If the hacker has the passphrase, his computer can be configured with the passphrase in order to access the network infrastructure just like any other authorized user. The hacker can enter the passphrase into a software access point operating on a laptop computer and perform a hijacking attack against client stations. Hijacking is performed using a narrowband jamming device, a software access point, and DHCP server software. Hijacking attacks can pose a denial of service problem, and without a personal firewall in place on the authorized user's laptop, it can also present an information theft problem.By joining the network infrastructure after entering the passphrase into his client utilities, the hacker may also have direct access to other client stations in the ESS. Most direct attacks on client stations can be mitigated with a properly implemented personal firewall on each client station.Layer 1 and 2 headers are not encrypted with WPA2-Personal security mechanisms, which means offline decryption is not possible.