What term indicates an increase in the amplitude of an RF signal?
a:Multiplexing|b:Diffraction|c:Gain|d:VSWR|e:Modulation|x:I don't know
c
Gain is experienced when the amplitude of the RF signal is increased. There are two types of gain in a wireless LAN: passive and active. Passive gain is accomplished by an antenna by focusing the output signal in a specific direction rather than the signal propagating in all directions like an isotropic radiator. Active gain is the act of adding power to the RF signal while it is being transmitted across the wired medium. Active gain is accomplished using an RF amplifier. RF amplifiers can be of either the fixed or variable gain type. It is very important that no matter what gain settings are utilized on the amplifier, the local regulatory values of maximum power are observed. Attenuation describes the reduction in amplitude of the RF signal. As the RF signal propagates (travels), the wavefront expands as the surface of a sphere. Similar to the increase in size of a balloon as it is pumped full of air. The volume of balloon material does not alter, but the density (amount of balloon material per square foot becomes less). Similarly, as the RF signal “expands” the amount of power per square foot decreases. The signal is said to suffer from free-space path loss. As the signal passes through the air or through rain or snow, some energy is absorbed by those items, leading to a reduction in signal strength. The RF signal has been attenuated. In an indoor office environment, attenuation can occur as the signal passes through office walls. The signal may eventually pass outside of the office building. Fixed and variable attenuators may be used when an outdoor survey for a wireless bridge link takes place. Diffraction is a term used to describe the bending of the RF wavefront around an obstacle. Diffraction is frequency dependent and is influenced by the ratio of the wavelength of the signal to the size of the object. Diffraction can be seen in nature when we have a rock in the middle of a stream. The water can bend (and in some cases change direction slightly) when flowing around the rock. Voltage Standing Wave Ratio (VSWR) is a measure of forward power to reflected power. Power is reflected due to an impedance mismatch between cables, connectors, antennas, transmitters, or any other WLAN device or accessory. Waves are reflected back towards the transmitter when there is not an exact impedance match between a cable and connector or a connector and an antenna, for example. At some places on the cable, the waves (forward and reflected) combine to increase the amplitude of the original signal. In other places, the waves combine to reduce the amplitude of the original signal. In some cases, the reflected energy can actually damage the transmitter. In order to help prevent this from occurring, devices called circulators and isolators may be used in higher power microwave systems.