What protocol framework is explicitly specified in the 802.1X standard?
a:Quality of Service|b:Port-based access control|c:Advanced Encryption Standard|d:Power over Ethernet|e:Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP)|f:Wi-Fi Protected Access|x:I don't know
b
The IEEE 802.11i amendment adopted the 802.1X port-based access control protocol for use in wireless security; however, the 802.1X specification is not defined for a specific medium, so it is often used for both WLANs as well as port control on wired networks. The 802.1X protocol does not specify a specific authentication type, such as EAP, but rather, defines a port-based access control framework that blocks user traffic until authentication has been successfully performed. 802.1X allows authentication traffic to pass through to the authentication server (AS) via the uncontrolled port--only authentication data may pass through this port, so there is no need to control it. The controlled port remains blocked until authentication has succeeded, then the controlled port is unblocked for the passage of data. This method effectively isolates users who are attempting to access network connections until they have demonstrated the validity of their credentials. 802.1X uses an existing protocol, the Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP), which works on Ethernet, WLANs, and other mediums for message exchange during the authentication process. In a WLAN with 802.1X, a user (known as the supplicant) requests access to an AP (known as the authenticator). The AP forces the user (actually, the user's client software) into an unauthorized state that allows the client to send only an EAP start message. The access point returns an EAP message requesting the user's identity. The client returns the identity, which is then forwarded by the AP to the authentication server, which uses an algorithm to authenticate the user and then returns an accept or reject message back to the AP. Assuming an accept was received, the AP changes the client's state to authorized and normal traffic can now take place. The authentication server often uses the Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS), although 802.1X does not require it.