Given: The Wi-Fi Alliance implemented TKIP as an upgrade to WEP as part of WPA certification.  The graphic shows an expanded TKIP MPDU.  What features were included in TKIP to enhance the security of WEP?
a:FCS|b:ICV|c:MIC|d:Extended IV|e:Encrypted PDU|x:I don't know
c
The Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP) is a protocol designed to address the known problems withWEP. TKIP uses the same ciphering kernel as WEP (RC4) but adds a number of functions:- 128-bit encryption key;- 48-bit Initialization Vector;- New Message Integrity Code (MIC);- Initialization Vector (IV) sequencing rules;- Per-packet key mixing algorithm that provides a RC4 seed for each packet;- Active countermeasures.The purpose of TKIP is to provide a fix for WEP for existing 802.11b products. It is believed that essentially all existing 802.11b products can be software-upgraded with TKIP.The TKIP MIC was designed with the constraint that it must run on existing 802.11 hardware. It does not offer very strong protection but was considered the best that could be achieved with the majority of legacy hardware. It is based on an algorithm called Michael that is a 64-bit MIC with 20-bit design strength.The IV sequence is implemented as a monotonically incrementing counter that is unique for each key. This makes sure that each packet is encrypted with a unique pair, i.e. that an IV is not reused for the same key. The receiver shall also use the sequence counter to detect replay attacks. Since frames may arrive out of order due to traffic-class priority values, a replay window (16 packets) has to be used.A number of 'weak' RC4 keys have been identified for which knowledge of a few number of RC4 seed bits makes it possible to determine the initial RC4 output bits to a non-negligible probability. This makes it easier to crypto analyze data encrypted under these keys. The per-packet mixing function is designed to defeat weak-key attacks. In WEP, the IV and the key are concatenated and then used as seed to RC4. In TKIP, the cryptographic per-packet mixing function combines the key and the IV into a seed for RC4.Because the TKIP MIC is relatively weak, TKIP uses countermeasures to compensate for this. If the receiver detects a MIC failure, the current encryption and integrity protection keys shall not be used again. To allow a follow-up by a system administrator the event shall be logged. The rate of MIC failure must also be kept below one per minute, which means that new keys shall not be generated if the last key update due to a MIC failure occurred less than a minute ago. In order to minimize the risk of false alarms, the MIC shall be verified after the CRC, IV and other checks have been performed.