XYZ Corporation has installed standalone 802.11a L2 WLAN bridges in three buildings on their corporate campus. They have an omni-directional antenna at building-1 (the datacenter building) and patch antennas at building-2 and building-3. Each of the 802.11a bridges are using the manufacturer's default settings, which includes a static IP address and root bridge mode. The alignment tools show that the bridges have proper alignment, but the administrator cannot get data traffic to flow over the bridge links. What could be the problem?
a:Each bridge has the same default IP address, so at least two of the three bridges must have their IP addresses changed before data traffic will flow across them.|b:One bridge is using PoE, and the other two are using AC line power.  Each bridge must have the same type of power source in order to have proper connectivity between all bridges.|c:By default, 802.11a bridges perform NAT routing.  This functionality must be disabled on all three bridges before connectivity will be successful.|d:Each of the 802.11a bridges is set to root mode, and there can only be one root bridge in a wireless bridge network.|e:Each bridge will require the same antenna type, so before the link can be formed, the bridge at building-1 will require a patch antenna in order to have connectivity with the bridges at building-2 and building-3.|f:In a PtMP network like this, building-2 and building-3 are hidden from each other, but RTS/CTS is not enabled by default.|x:I don't know
d
There must only be one 'Root' mode bridge in a network. All other bridges must be configured for 'Non-Root' mode. If all bridges had the same default IP address configured, managing the bridges using a web UI or a terminal session may not work correctly, but the bridges would still pass layer 2 frames. As layer 2 devices, wireless bridges do not route (a layer 3 function), and bridge power source would not have to match to pass of data traffic (as long as sufficient operational power is supplied). It is common to use an omni antenna at the central 'hub' location (the root) and semi-directional antennas (patch, panel, yagi, etc) at 'spoke' locations (non-root) in a point-to-multipoint WLAN bridged network. In this deployment model, the directional antennas at buildings 2 and 3 would likely cause a hidden node scenario. In a CSMA/CA network based on 802.11 protocols, the hidden node situation may increase collisions and retries when bridges at building-2 and -3 attempt to transmit at the same time, but with only two non-root bridges, this will not prevent communication altogether. Enabling RTS/CTS may be an effective strategy to minimize the impact of hidden nodes.