You have been hired by ABC Company to troubleshoot a Wi-Fi network that is experiencing a high number of retransmissions.  Using a protocol analyzer, you have captured several unicast frames transmitted by an AP to a specific client station, but you have not captured any frames transmitted by that client station.  If all stations are behaving as expected in a multiple channel architecture network, what scenarios would explain the result in the capture trace? (Choose 2)
a:The AP is sending Beacon frames to a client station, and Beacon frames do not require an ACK.|b:The AP’s downlink transmissions are failing the CRC check at the client station's receiver, requiring no response from the client station.|c:The AP is within range of the protocol analyzer’s antenna, but the client station is not.|d:The client station supports Block Acks, but has not initiated a Block Ack policy with the AP.|e:WMM-PS is enabled on the client station and it was dozing when the AP was transmitting frames.|f:The client station has roamed to a new channel and is actively transferring data with the new AP.|x:I don't know
b
When performing troubleshooting with a protocol analyzer, it is important to consider the physical location of the protocol analyzer. The AP may be able to hear and interpret AP transmissions to all clients, but the protocol analyzer may not be within range of some client stations’ transmissions. For a client’s perspective on the RF environment, it is important to locate your protocol analyzer in the same place as the client. This result in the protocol analyzer trace could also be explained if an AP is sending downlink frame transmissions to a client that has moved out of the area or is in an area with interference or a low SNR, causing the frames to be corrupted at the client receiver. When STAs receive corrupted frames, they drop them, with no notification to the sender. The lack of an ACK from the destination would cause the transmitting STA to retransmit. 802.11 frames have a 4 byte FCS (Frame Check Sequence) at the end of each frame. Prior to transmission of a frame, a mathematical calculation is performed on the contents of the frame. The results of this calculation are placed in the FCS field. When the frame is received by the distant end, a similar calculation is performed, and the result of this calculation is compared with the value in the FCS field. If the two values differ, the frame is dropped automatically. A similar CRC process occurs at the PHY layer, prior (for the receiver) to the MAC FCS validation. APs transmit Beacons as broadcast frames, so you would not see a Beacon frame transmitted to a specific client station. APs do not transmit frames to clients using WMM-PS when clients are dozing. Triggers are used by the client to request buffered unicast frames from the AP. Finally, if two stations both support Block Acks, they must establish a Block Ack policy; if they don't do this, normal Acks will be used.