XYZ University is installing a security camera system, and they want to use mesh routers to connect all of the security cameras back to a central Ethernet switch.  Each camera has an Ethernet port and is located near an AC outlet.  Each mesh router uses 802.11a, AES-CCMP encryption, and has three Ethernet ports for connecting multiple cameras.  By design, each mesh router will connect wirelessly to at least two other mesh routers.  All cameras are housed in locked enclosures, are pointed at a specific location, and cannot be rotated.  What plausible approach might an attacker use to circumvent this security solution and disrupt the mesh network operations?
a:Use an 802.11 frame generator to send spoofed deauthentication frames to the mesh router with a source address of another mesh router.|b:Use an RF jamming device to interrupt the wireless mesh link near a mesh router.|c:Plug an additional camera into a lower-numbered (higher priority) Ethernet port on a mesh router.  This would cause the mesh router to send video from the unauthorized camera which is pointing in a different direction.|d:Enable an 802.11b client adapter near the mesh router, forcing it to enable protection mechanisms.  This will result in an average bandwidth too low for full-motion video and will cause video degradation.|x:I don't know
b
By interrupting the wireless mesh link near a camera, the video stream on the camera will not be sent across the mesh to the Ethernet switch. The video stream will be lost until the RF jamming device is disabled. Deauthenticating one mesh router from another will not work in this case because each mesh router is connected to two other mesh routers by design. The data stream would simply fail over to the second mesh router link (if it was not already being sent on that link). 802.11a will not be impacted by the presence of 802.11b. Due to the continued proliferation of 802.11b devices, 802.11g mesh router networks should also be designed to accommodate the expected data traffic, even when they must use CCK modulation instead of OFDM.