As dictated by the Enhanced Distributed Coordination Access (EDCA) channel access method, what must an OFDM AP do before transmission of a downlink QoS voice data frame?
a:Check the physical medium, using CCA, to ensure the medium is idle|b:Synchronize its clock with the heartbeat of the receiving station to ensure prioritized delivery|c:Wait a DIFS interval and a random backoff period to reduce the likelihood of collisions|d:Decrement its NAV value for each slot time that the medium is idle to decrement the timer while avoiding collisions|e:In sequence, select a backoff timer, count down slot times, perform CCA, then set the NAV to 0 to start sending the frame without collisions|x:I don't know
a
Because wireless networks use half-duplex communication, CSMA/CA is used to improve throughput and minimize the likelihood of frame collisions on the wireless medium (WM). CSMA/CA defines four access mechanisms that must be performed before a data frame can be transmitted. First, a station must perform a carrier sense, continually monitoring the WM for physical noise to ensure that the wireless medium is idle--no one else is transmitting. This is called a clear channel assessment (CCA). The carrier sense function is also performed virtually, by listening to the duration values of all frames and counting down a Network Allocation Vector (NAV) timer to identify idle times on the WM. Second, each station must wait a prescribed amount of time, an interframe space (IFS), between transmissions. IFS values vary per client type, access category, frame exchange sequence, and channel access method in use. For the third step, in addition to waiting a specific IFS interval, each station must choose a random backoff timer, which helps to randomize transmission opportunities and avoid collisions. The random backoff timer value indicates the number of slot times (a specific time period for each type of station, depending upon PHY) that must be observed before a transmission can occur. Fourth, the station must wait until each slot time has been observed. Finally, if all of these criteria have been met, the station can transmit a frame, in accordance with the transmission opportunity obtained. During steps two through four, CCA is performed continually, ensuring that no other transmissions occur.