What concurrent conditions are likely to cause interference between two access points configured with non-overlapping channels? (Choose 2)
a:The access points are mounted within one meter of each other|b:The APs are configured with very high transmit power|c:Identical SSIDs are used on both access points|d:Receiver sensitivity is set too high (where -85 dBm is higher than -80 dBm) on both access points|e:The access points' antennas have opposite polarization|x:I don't know
a
Most WLAN documentation defines non-overlapping channels as channels on which APs will not interfere with one another. For example, channels 1, 6, and 11 are non-overlapping channels. However, with any radio transmitter, some amount of energy is also transmitted outside the designated wireless channel, so although non-overlapping channels create significant RF separation, there is still a possibility for interference if the device on a non-overlapping channel is both close enough and transmitting with enough amplitude. The 802.11 specification defines minimum adjacent channel rejection values that must be supported by 802.11 equipment. The adjacent channel rejection is measured in a lab environment where a transmitter is placed on an adjacent channel, transmitting at controlled amplitudes above the controlled transmissions on the desired channel. 802.11 receivers must be able to maintain consistent communication on the desired channel with a minimum frame error ratio (FER) in the face of high power adjacent channel transmissions. For example, 802.11b requires a minimum FER of 10% on the desired channel when an adjacent channel AP is transmitting at 35 dB higher than the transmission on the desired channel.APs whose transmitters (and antenna systems) are configured with high output power can interfere with other APs in a nearby area transmitting at much lower power, even if they are on non-overlapping channels. It is usually a recommended practice to separate all APs from one another by 3 meters or more. This provides enough free space for significant signal attenuation. If an interference problem is suspected, a spectrum analyzer is useful to help show whether there are problems across the spectrum.