Given: XYZ Company plans to implement a wireless network supporting a diverse group of wireless clients.  Some wireless clients support 802.11b only, some 802.11g, and others support 802.11a, while some support all three. Your implementation will support the same SSIDs and WLAN profiles on both the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz bands.You perform a predictive site survey for 2.4 GHz and recommend placement of 802.11a/b/g capable access points. You also define static channel reuse plans and output power settings, where both radios in an AP have matching power output. You then validate the predictive site survey by manually checking signal strength throughout the facility with an 802.11g station.Clients have reported connectivity issues when connecting using 802.11a.  What are possible causes? (Choose 2)
a:Co-channel interference from other 802.11b/g wireless networks|b:Non-wireless interference in the 2.4 GHz ISM band|c:Interference from 5.8 GHz cordless phones|d:Inadequate transmit power from the access points|e:Mis-configured wireless client utility|x:I don't know
c
Antenna reception capabilities change in accordance with frequency. As the frequency increases, the amount of energy that can be captured by an antenna decreases. This radio phenomenon results in lower transmit power at the receiving station. In the question setup, the site survey and design process focused exclusively on 2.4 GHz. Not realizing the RF differences between 2.4 and 5 GHz, the network implementer chose matching output power on both radios of the multi-band APs.A separate site survey should be done for 802.11a and 802.11gnetworks to account for the differences in coverage areas. Also, with the addition of the 5.8 GHz ISM frequency space to 802.11 5 GHz technology, cordless phones using the 5.8 GHz frequency range can interfere with WLAN systems using OFDM. Unlicensed frequency bands (such as the ISM and UNII bands) have both advantages and potential disadvantages for wireless network users. One of the advantages is that anyone can use the bands (provided that local regulatory rules are complied with). One of the disadvantages is that other users may be sharing the same frequency space that you wish to use, possibly leading to interference, which will impact performance.