Which security specifications include the use of the TKIP protocol? (Choose 3)
a:WEP|b:WPA|c:WPA2|d:802.11i|e:802.11|f:802.1X|x:I don't know
b
WPA, WPA2 and 802.11i all specify support for TKIP.The IEEE 802.11i amendment Section 8.3 RSNA Data Confidentiality Protocols states:“This amendment defines two RSNA data confidentiality and integrity protocols: TKIP and CCMP. Implementation of CCMP shall be mandatory in all IEEE 802.11 devices claiming RSNA compliance. Implementation of TKIP is optional for an RSN A design aim for TKIP was that the algorithm should be implementable within the capabilities of most devices supporting only WEP, so that many such devices would be field-upgradeable by the supplier to support TKIP.NOTE-Use of any of the confidentiality algorithms depends on local policies. The confidentiality and integrity mechanisms of TKIP are not as robust as those of CCMP. TKIP is designed to operate within the hardware limitations of a broad class of pre-RSNA devices. TKIP is suitable for firmware-only, hardware-compatible upgrade of fielded equipment. RSNA devices should only use TKIP when communicating with devices that are unable or not configured to communicate using CCMP.”Per the Wi-Fi Alliance (creator of the WPA/WPA2 certifications) Implementation White Paper:“In 2003, the Wi-Fi Alliance introduced Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) as a strong, standards-based interoperable Wi-Fi security specification. WPA provides assurance to enterprises, small businesses and home users that their data will remain protected and that only authorized users may access their networks. WPA uses Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP) for data encryption.In 2004, the Wi-Fi Alliance introduced Wi-Fi Protected Access 2 (WPA2), the second generation of WPA security. Like WPA, WPA2 provides enterprise and home Wi-Fi users with a high level of assurance that their data will remain protected and that only authorized users can access their wireless networks. WPA2 is based on the final IEEE 802.11i amendment to the 802.11 standard ratified in June 2004.”