Which of the following are valid power management modes for 802.11-2012 WLAN devices?
a:Power save mode|b:WMM-PS|c:Active mode|d:Dozing mode|e:Alert mode|x:I don't know
a
In Active mode, stations are always powered up. Each station that associates with an AP is given an Association ID number (AID). The AP can keep track of which STAs are associated with it at any point in time. At specified intervals, beacon frames are transmitted. These beacons contain a TIM (Traffic Indication Map) which tells a particular STA if there is unicast data buffered for it. The AID values are set in part of the TIM element called the Partial Virtual Bitmap. Thus, if a station sees its AID set in the Partial Virtual Bitmap, it knows there is data buffered for it. For multicast/broadcast delivery, certain beacon frames are designated as DTIM (Delivery Traffic Indication Message) frames. The DTIM Count and DTIM period fields in the TIM Information Element let the STA know when multicast/broadcast delivery will commence. A special AID (AID 0) is used to indicate the presence of multicast/broadcast traffic when set to “1”. Some texts refer to the DTIM beacon as the “Data beacon”. When in Power Save mode, stations will “sleep” or “doze’ (in a low power state) and will “wake up” to check TIM and DTIM settings at the appropriate time. Stations will doze when there are no frames buffered for them at the access point. PS-Poll frames are used by client stations to retrieve their queued data from the access point when they return to a full power state. WMM-PS (Wi-Fi Multimedia Power Save) improves upon legacy power-save methods in several ways. In legacy PS modes, STAs have to wait until a beacon containing TIM information is sent before they can check whether there are buffered frames stored at the AP. WMM-PS STAs can check for buffered frames at any time by using a trigger frame to “poll” the AP. This has important ramifications for delay sensitive applications such as VOIP. In legacy PS modes, significant amounts of overhead may be added with the use of PS-Poll frames for each data frame sent from the AP’s buffer. WMM-PS utilizes QoS data frames to request data from the AP’s buffer, which is more efficient than legacy power save.