While analyzing a packet capture, you notice several RTS/CTS frames being transmitted.  What are possible reasons for this traffic? (Choose 2)
a:An 802.11g AP is sending data to both HR/DSSS and ERP clients in the same area.|b:An 802.11a OFDM BSS has been configured to resolve hidden node issues.|c:The wireless analyzer is likely reading corrupt data frames.|d:The wireless analyzer is collecting frames sent during an EAP authentication.|e:A client roaming event has occurred.|f:The client and AP stations are negotiating admission control|x:I don't know
a
There is no guarantee that a wireless client station can hear another client station within a BSS, leading to potential hidden node problems, where two stations attempt to transmit at the same time, resulting in a collision at the receiver. In collision prone networks, a way to avoid collisions is to announce the intent to transmit, causing all other stations to backoff until the transmission is complete. This 'reservation' exchange is called Request-to-Send/Clear-to-Send (RTS/CTS).If a station has been configured to use RTS/CTS, it will transmit an RTS frame before sending a data frame. Upon receiving the RTS frame, the AP will broadcast a CTS frame. If a station did not hear the RTS frame from another station it will hear the CTS frame from the access point. The RTS and CTS frames contain a Duration value (which other stations use to set their NAV timer) that will 'protect' the network long enough for the station to transmit its data frame and receive the corresponding ACK. Because HR/DSSS (802.11b) and ERP-OFDM (802.11g) use different encoding and modulation techniques, HR/DSSS (802.11b) stations do not understand ERP-OFDM (802.11g) transmissions and treat them as noise. Because of this, HR/DSSS (802.11b) stations may transmit during an ERP-OFDM (802.11g) transmission, causing a collision. To avoid these collisions, ERP-OFDM (802.11g) systems will use RTS/CTS to 'protect' their transmissions when operating in ERP (802.11g) mixed mode.Note: The fact that an 802.11a AP was configured to use RTS/CTS is not important, as RTS/CTS is what was used to resolve hidden node issues. It could have also been an 802.11b, 11g, or 11n AP.In an 802.11g mixed mode wireless network, 802.11g stations can send OFDM-modulated frames that cannot be received by 802.11b stations, and must use a protection mechanism (CTS-to-Self) to alert the 802.11b stations that the medium will be in use. One way to address hidden node issues is by using RTS/CTS. While a wireless analyzer may mistake a corrupt frame for an RTS or CTS frame, it is highly unlikely it would mistake several corrupt frames as RTS or CTS frames. RTS/CTS is not used to perform EAP authentication. Similarly, admission control would be negotiated with ADDTS Request and Response (Management Action) frames.