For some legacy devices, you are planning to upgrade your wireless security from WEP to WPA-Personal.  What weakness would not be addressed in your new security solution? (Choose 2)
a:Forgery attacks|b:Jamming attacks|c:Replay attacks|d:Dictionary attacks|e:IV Collision attacks|f:Weak Key Attacks|x:I don't know
b
WPA-Personal (sometimes called WPA-PSK (pre-shared key)) addresses weaknesses found in WEP, including forgery, weak-key attacks, IV collision attacks, and replay attacks. Forgery attacks are performed by capturing encrypted packets, changing some of the data within them, and then resending the packets.WPA-Personal supports TKIP encryption, which uses an improved message-integrity check (MIC) called Michael to thwart attempts to tamper with packets en route. WEP constructs a per-packet RC4 key by concatenating an RC4 base key and the packet Initialization Vector (IV). Weak key attacks look at a series of packets with different IVs to determine the RC4 base key. TKIP uses key-mixing to derive short-lived encryption keys. IV Collision attacks occur when a key is repeated using the same IV, allowing the encryption cracking process to be accelerated and subsequent data to be recovered. TKIP expands the amount of bits used for the IV (from 24 to 48). Replay attacks occur when an attacker eavesdrops, records transmitted data, and then retransmits the data. TKIP uses a sequencing number for generated packets. WPA-Personal's implementation of TKIP has already been found to be vulnerable to dictionary attacks using different tools, such as coWPAtty. All wireless solutions are vulnerable to jamming attacks. Jamming attacks occur when an RF transmitter is used to send a signal (or signals) that can disrupt or completely block Wi-Fi communications. The jamming signal may be sent in a continuous manner or may be sent as sequentially timed or randomly timed frequencies. “Nuisance” attackers may send randomly timed signals to jam a particular Wi-Fi network at random time periods. This can cause great inconvenience to users and can make it especially difficult to locate the source of a jamming signal.